release 4.27.0 changelog (#11953)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-google: CHANGELOG.md

## 4.27.0 (Unreleased)

IMPROVEMENTS:
* clouddeploy: added `suspend` field to `google_clouddeploy_delivery_pipeline` resource ([#11914](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11914))
* compute: added maxPortsPerVm field to `google_compute_router_nat` resource ([#11933](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11933))
* compute: added `psc_connection_id` and `psc_connection_status` output fields to `google_compute_forwarding_rule` and `google_compute_global_forwarding_rule` resources ([#11892](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11892))
* containeraws: made `config.instance_type` field updatable in `google_container_aws_node_pool` ([#11892](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11892))

BUG FIXES:

> * compute: fixed default handling for `enableDynamicPortAllocation` to be managed by the api ([#11887](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11887))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* compute: fixed default handling for `enable_dynamic_port_allocation ` to be managed by the api ([#11887](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-google/pull/11887))
```
